Implement Silicon Labs EFR32 Wi-SUN support (#22)
CiscoDevNet/csmp-agent-lib: README.md

## Overview
CoAP Simple Management Protocol (CSMP) is a device lifecycle management protocol optimized for resource constrained devices deployed within large-scale, bandwidth constrained IoT networks.

There are multiple target platforms supported by using OSAL (Operating System Abstraction Layer). The repository provides Linux, FreeRTOS and Silicon Labs EFR32 device support. FreeRTOS initialised as a submodule and it is built with POSIX port.

> 

Author: I added a reference link to silabs.com EFR32 Wi-SUN products and technology. I regenerated the README.pdf also.

Change your default directory to the root of the CSMP Agent directory structure.

### Install build tools.
Install build-essential package (gcc compiler, make, etc.) as described here ... https://help.ubuntu.com/community/InstallingCompilers

### Confirm build target platform
If you are going to build for a different target platform, please set the correct gcc compiler for your target platform by modifying the line "CC=gcc" in "Makefile".

### Build
>   chmod 777 build.sh

#### Linux
>  ./build.sh linux

#### FreeRTOS
> git submodule update --init --recursive
> ./build.sh freertos

If everything goes well, you should see "CsmpAgentLib_sample" executable in "sample" directory.

#### Silicon Labs - Wi-SUN EFR32 Platforms

> Silicon Labs Wi-SUN EFR32 platforms supports the CSMP Agent with the Simplicity SDK version 2024.6.0. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Silicon Labs Wi-SUN EFR32 platforms support the CSMP Agent with the Simplicity SDK version 2024.6.0 or later. 
```

> Silicon Labs Wi-SUN EFR32 platforms support the CSMP Agent with the Simplicity SDK version 2024.6.0 or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Silicon Labs Wi-SUN EFR32 platforms support the CSMP Agent with the Simplicity SDK version 2024.6.0. 
```

> The demonstration requires using a Silicon Labs Wi-SUN Linux Border Router plus the Silicon Labs Wi-SUN node that will connect to Cisco FND.  

Reviewer 2: "Silicon Labs Wi-SUN Linux Border Router" does it ?

Reviewer: yes, the demonstration documented in the Readme under Vendors/Silabs requires using our Linux border router.
